{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-BoldItalic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green152\blue222;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Importing Files<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To bring in writing and research from other apps:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\tab 1.\tab In Scrivener\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s binder, select the folder into which you wish to import the new files. Or, select the file under which you wish the files to be imported. (If you select a folder, the imported files will be placed inside it as the last items; if you select a file, imported files will be placed directly beneath it.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab Go to }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Import > Files\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the main menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3.\tab In the file browser window that appears, select the files that you want to import.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 4.\tab Click \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Import\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All selected files will be imported. Imported text files will be converted so that they can be edited inside Scrivener. All other files will be copied into Scrivener.}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx10498\li44\fi-43\ri-1829\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf3 <$Scr_Cs::4><$Scr_Ps::3>Note<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i0 : If you selected a file contained inside the \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Draft\u8221\'94 folder in step (1) above, you will only have the option of importing text file types from the file browser, because the \u8220\'93Draft\u8221\'94 folder only supports text files.\tab <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener can import many different file types:\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \bullet \tab Word documents (.docx, .doc), rich text files (.rtf), plain text files (.txt), OpenOffice documents (.odt), Fountain files (.fountain) and Final Draft files (.fdx) are imported as text that can be edited inside Scrivener.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \bullet \tab Image, movie, sound and PDF files are copied into Scrivener and can be viewed in its editor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \bullet \tab All other files are copied into Scrivener.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 Importing Web Pages<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can import web pages by selecting }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Import > Web Page\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from the }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>File<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  menu.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Import and Split<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps you have already written a long document and you want to bring it into Scrivener and break it up into smaller sections. You could do that by importing it following the steps above and then using the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://BDFF1718-2F85-46E7-88B0-98433164ED65"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Split at Selection}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  feature. Another option is to use Import and Split:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\tab 1.\tab From the main menu, select }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Import > Import and Split\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab In the dialog that appears, select the file that you wish to import.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3.\tab In the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sections are separated by\u8221\'94 box, enter the text that represents splits in your document. For instance, you could enter a couple of return characters, or a separator character you have used in the text (e.g. \u8220\'93#\u8221\'94).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 4.\tab Click \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Import\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your text will now be imported as multiple documents. Go through them and do any necessary clean-up. You can split them further using the Split at Selection feature.}}