{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scriptwriting mode is available from }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Ctrl+8<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When in script mode, the footer view will show information on the various available script elements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\bullet \tab Select }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode - Screenplay<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from the main menu now.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li1454\fi-648\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F\tab \tab The word and character count will disappear and you will see a pop-up menu appear on the right of the footer view saying \u8220\'93General Text\u8221\'94 (this just means that the currently selected text isn\u8217\'92t recognised as a part of a screenplay).<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet \tab Click into the text on the line below:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click into this text.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\bullet \tab Try selecting different elements from the pop-up menu on the right of the footer view.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The above text is automatically reformatted to the script element you select each time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can switch between script elements using the tab and enter keys:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\bullet \tab Hitting enter at the end of the line will take you to the next element.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet \tab Hitting tab at the beginning of the line will toggle between different elements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet \tab For some elements, hitting tab at the end of a line will take you to a different element on the next line from hitting enter. For other elements, hitting tab might insert characters.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li1454\fi-648\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F\tab \tab For example, hitting tab at the end of a dialogue line will move to a parenthetical line, whereas hitting tab in a scene heading line will insert a hyphen, ready for you to type the location.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The footer view updates to show what will happen if you press the tab or enter keys (which will move you to the next script element).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note that scriptwriting mode is saved on a document-by-document basis, so you can switch between documents that use script formatting and documents that don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Documents using scriptwriting mode have a yellow icon to distinguish them from other text documents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To turn off script mode, use the }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Script Mode<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  menu item again, deselecting it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A number of script formats are provided, such as screenplay, stage play and comic script formats. You can also create your own via }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Format > Scriptwriting > Script Settings\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::0>}}