{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green152\blue222;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Changing the Default Formatting for New Documents<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can change the default formatting used for new documents like this:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1> \tab 1.\tab In the editor, set up some text with the formatting you want to use for all new documents, and ensure the cursor is inside it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 2.\tab From the main menu, select }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>File > Options...<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 3.\tab Select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Editing\u8221\'94 in the toolbar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 4.\tab Select the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Formatting\u8221\'94 tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 5.\tab Click the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use Formatting in Current Editor\u8221\'94 button.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From now on, whenever you create a new blank document and start typing, the text will be with the formatting you set up in (1).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alternatively, instead of setting up the text in the editor, you can set the formatting in the text area of the Editing > Formatting panel in the Options.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Changing the Default Formatting for Only a Single Project<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes, you may have a project that needs to use different default formatting from other projects. You can set this up as follows:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1> \tab 1.\tab From the main menu, select }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Project > Project Settings\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 2.\tab Select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Formatting\u8221\'94 in the sidebar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 3.\tab Set up the text in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Main Text Formatting\u8221\'94 text area, or click on the \u8220\'93Use Current\u8221\'94 button to use the formatting in the current editor.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf3 <$Scr_Cs::3>NOTE<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : This tutorial is set up to use this option.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Applying Default Formatting to Existing Documents<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setting the default formatting in the Options or Project Settings has no effect on existing documents. (Scrivener could ruin special formatting you have applied if it changed the formatting for all your documents automatically every time you changed Options.) To apply the default formatting to existing documents:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1> \tab 1.\tab In the binder, select the documents you want to update.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 2.\tab From the main menu, select }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Documents > Convert > Text to Default Formatting\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 3.\tab Check the options in the dialog that appears and then click \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OK\u8221\'94.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}