{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes you will want numbers to appear in the text whose value may change depending on the arrangement of the text. For instance, you might want to title a document \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chapter 1\u8221\'94, but if you move it later, it might become \u8220\'93Chapter 2\u8221\'94. For this, you can use \u8220\'93placeholders\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To insert an auto number placeholder, go to }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Insert > Auto Number<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the main menu and pick a number type. A tag will be inserted into the text. For example, if you select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'931, 2, 3, 4, 5\u8230\'85\u8221\'94, the following tag will be inserted:}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\li720\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1> <$n>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This tag will be replaced with a number when using }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://0E55C8CA-8028-4B08-AEBB-32D5D19BC24D"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compile}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . There are many other placeholders you can use in Scrivener\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a full list is available from }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Help > List of All Placeholders\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can use placeholders in the text, in document titles, or in your own Compile formats. Many of the Compile formats provided with Scrivener use placeholders to insert chapter numbering. To see this, try the following:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2> \tab 1.\tab Go to }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>File > Compile\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 2.\tab Select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Manuscript (Times)\u8221\'94 from the Formats sidebar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 3.\tab Click on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93+\u8221\'94 button in the footer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 4.\tab Select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Duplicate & Edit Format\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 from the menu that appears. The Compile window will change to show the options for creating a format.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 5.\tab Ensure \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Section Layouts\u8221\'94 is selected in the sidebar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 6.\tab Select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chapter Heading\u8221\'94 in the section layouts list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab 7.\tab Select the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Title Options\u8221\'94 tab.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  You will see that the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Title Prefix\u8221\'94 text box contains the following text:}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\li720\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1> Chapter <$t:chapter><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is what adds \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chapter One\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Chapter Two\u8221\'94 and so on to the start of each chapter when you use the \u8220\'93Manuscript (Times)\u8221\'94 format to compile your manuscript.}}