{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red0\green152\blue222;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One last thing to note before I leave you to it: Scrivener auto-saves your work so you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to worry about saving manually. Every time you make an edit to the project, Scrivener schedules a save, which will occur after a couple of seconds of inactivity. You can, however, force a save at any time by selecting }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>File > Save<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Ctrl+S<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it: you are now all set to start using Scrivener. If you want to go into more depth or explore a little more, look at the \u8220\'93Going Further\u8221\'94 section. I recommend leaving that until after you\u8217\'92ve been using Scrivener a little, though (or just look through the topics and read any documents that catch your eye). Alternatively, take a look through the user manual with }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Help > Scrivener Manual<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>F1<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Experiment! You should be able to work out most things by playing with the program. If you have any problems, check out our knowledge base, or take a look at some of our tutorial videos on our web page:}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 https://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.literatureandlatte.com/videos.php"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 https://www.literatureandlatte.com/videos.php}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And of course, if you are still baffled, post a question on the user forums:}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.literatureandlatte.com/forum"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 https://www.literatureandlatte.com/forum}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Likewise, if you encounter any bugs or glitches, no matter how small\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 please post to the forums or e-mail us at }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:windows.support@literatureandlatte.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 windows.support@literatureandlatte.com}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hope you enjoy using Scrivener and find it a useful tool, and offer my heartfelt thanks to you for choosing Scrivener (or considering it) as the tool for your own writing.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>The Page is Yours<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are now ready to begin your own project\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 go to }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>File > New Project<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to get going. Happy writing!}}