{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-BoldItalic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red0\green152\blue222;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll look at the \u8220\'93Comments & Footnotes\u8221\'94 tab\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t worry about clicking on the button in the inspector header bar just yet, though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click on the yellow highlighted text in the sentence below:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This sentence has a comment }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2FFFACDA-921B-4399-A2DF-ADF968C16E77"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 attached}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 .}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note how the inspector automatically switches to the Comments & Footnotes tab, and the comment associated with the text gets highlighted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, click on the grey footnote directly below the comment in the inspector.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This sentence has a footnote }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://48C7613F-4DCE-4B3C-829E-11682F6AD34B"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 attached}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 .}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See how clicking on the note in the inspector automatically selects the text associated with it in the editor?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you click on a note in the inspector, the editor automatically scrolls the text to where the note is located. Try scrolling to the bottom of this document, and then clicking the comment in the inspector to return to the top.}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx10498\li44\fi-43\ri-1829\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf3 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Tip<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i0 : If the comments aren\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t open in the inspector and you don\u8217\'92t want to show them, }{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Alt+Click<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i0  on a comment or footnote to open it in a popover instead of in the inspector.\tab <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 Adding Comments and Footnotes<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s try adding some comments and footnotes of our own. First, select some of the text in the following sentence:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Select some of the text in this sentence.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, do one of the following:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::4>\bullet \tab Click on the arrow to the right of the paperclip icon in the toolbar and select}{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2> Add Comment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from the menu that appears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet \tab Click the comment icon in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Comments & Footnotes\u8221\'94 bar of the inspector.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet \tab Go to }{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Insert > Comment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the main menu (or hit }{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Shift+F4<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). A new comment will be created in the inspector ready for editing.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Then:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::4> \bullet \tab Add some text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \bullet \tab Hit the }{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Escape<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  key to return the focus to the editor.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You add footnotes in exactly the same way, but choosing }{\f5\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Footnote<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the menu or clicking the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93cf\u8221\'94 icon in the inspector.}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx10181\li44\fi-43\ri-1829\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf3 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Note<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i0 : It doesn\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t matter where you attach comments, but with footnotes you should always ensure that the footnote link (the grey highlight) ends at the place you want the footnote number to appear when printed or exported.\tab <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa120\sb300\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 Changing the Colour of Comments<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To change the colour of a comment:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::4>1.\tab Right-click on a comment in the inspector.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.\tab Select a colour from the menu that appears.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (You cannot change the colour of individual footnotes, which are differentiated from comments by all being }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A348AFB7-1B42-450B-89FE-BD1FDCD850AD"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 grey}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The contextual (right-click) menu also allows you to convert comments to footnotes and vice versa, and to revert comments and footnotes to use default formatting (which can be set in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Editing\u8221\'94 tab of the Options).}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx10498\li44\fi-43\ri-1829\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i1\cf3 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Tip<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f4\fs26\b0\i0 : If you have a lot of comments, you can collapse individual comments and footnotes by clicking on the disclosure chevron (the downward-pointing arrow) in the top-left of each comment box.\tab <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the inspector covered! Now let\u8217\'92s take a look at composition mode. By now, you know the drill: click on \u8220\'93Composition Mode\u8221\'94 in the binder.}}