{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener comes with a range of project templates that can be used as the basis for new projects. To create a new project from a template:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>\tab 1.\tab From the main menu, choose }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>File > New Project\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab In the templates chooser dialog that appears, select a category in the sidebar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3.\tab Select one of the templates in the category.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 4.\tab Click \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Create\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note that the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 project type is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  technically a template. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 creates an empty project that is not based on a template. I created all of the project templates (\u8220\'93Novel\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Novel (with Parts)\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Research Proposal\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Comic Script\u8221\'94 and so on) by starting from a blank project. For each one, I then added some extra folders with some }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://3D2A1CF2-15CC-46F8-B5A2-690124F89B1B"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 custom icons}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , set up some }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://B557346B-F681-4283-93CE-AD35370793B2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 document templates}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , changed a few project settings, and then saved the resulting project as a template which I then included with Scrivener.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can create your own project templates in the same way. Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>1.\tab Create a new project, either from the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 template or from any other template (you might just want to customise one of the existing templates).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.\tab Edit the project so that it contains all the elements and settings you want in new projects created from your template.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.\tab Select }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Save As Template\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from the }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>File<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4.\tab From the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93New Project Template\u8221\'94 dialog that appears, enter a title and description for the new template, choose a category and icon, then click on \u8220\'93OK\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5.\tab Go to }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>File > New Project\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  You will find the template you just created available as the basis for new projects. At this point you can delete the project from which you created the template, if you so wish.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}