{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\sectd\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Generally, Scrivener is set up to assume that each project contains a single book (or writing project): when you compile, you compile the entire Draft folder into a single manuscript. However, you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to work this way. Perhaps you are working on a series of books that rely on the same research, for instance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in that case, you might want to set up a project to contain multiple books. Here\u8217\'92s how:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 <$Scr_Ps::0>}{\f0\fs24  \tab 1.\tab Inside the Draft folder, setup a subfolder for each book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24  \tab 2.\tab Treat each subfolder inside the Draft folder as though it were the Draft folder for one of your books, creating your chapters for each book inside the book subfolder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24  \tab 3.\tab Adjust the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://E1207FCA-2DD5-4A9C-9E34-C3CE158EBADD"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 section type}}{\f0\fs24  settings under \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Default Types by Structure\u8221\'94 in Project Settings as necessary, so that they correctly reflect the updated structure.}{\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, when you want to compile one of the books:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 <$Scr_Ps::0>}{\f0\fs24  \tab 1.\tab Go to }{\f0\fs24 <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 File > Compile\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24  \tab 2.\tab Above the list of documents on the right side of the Compile dialog, click on the pop-up menu next to where it says \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Compile\u8221\'94 (this pop-up normally shows the name of your Draft folder).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24  \tab 3.\tab Select the folder containing the book you wish to compile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24  \tab 4.\tab Tick \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Treat compile group as complete manuscript\u8221\'94. This tells Scrivener that the folder you are compiling should be treated as though it is a complete book and not part of a larger draft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24  \tab 5.\tab Ensure \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Include text of containing group\u8221\'94 is not ticked.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}