{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\sectd\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The document you are reading now is a folder. As mentioned, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no significant difference between text and folder documents. The differences are as follows:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>\tab 1.\tab They have different icons: folder icons are blue, and text document icons are white rectangles.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li1454\fi-648\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8259\'3F\tab Note that the folder icon for this document (\u8220\'93Get Organised\u8221\'94) has a little text icon in its corner. This signifies that this folder contains text\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  text. (The text icon has nothing to do with the folder having text documents }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 inside}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it, such as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Splitting the Editor\u8221\'94 and so on\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it means that this folder document itself contains text.)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab By default, folders and text documents open in different view modes in the editor. As you saw, this folder opened in corkboard mode before you turned the corkboard off.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll come to this second point shortly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first, though, let\u8217\'92s look at how you can view more than one document at the same time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Splitting the Editor\u8221\'94 in the binder (you may need to expand \u8220\'93Get Organised\u8221\'94 by clicking on the disclosure chevron next to it). Or go get a cup of tea and a biscuit and come back here when you\u8217\'92re ready\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92ll wait!}}