{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-BoldItalic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phew! We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve now covered all major features of Scrivener. If you haven\u8217\'92t done so already, then soon you are going to want to create your own project and get writing. Generally you will want to create a separate Scrivener project for each writing project. }{\f0\fs24\b0 Additionally, each time a project is closed, Scrivener creates a full backup of the project. Check out }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://F02A8186-DF6D-4CD4-8F00-3C2804688F0A"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Backing Up}}{\f0\fs24\b0  for details on how to modify the settings to best suit your work style.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To create a new project:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>\tab 1.\tab Select }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>New Project\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from the }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>File<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  menu. This will open the project templates chooser panel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab Choose a project template from one of the categories (e.g. novel, screenplay, essay).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3.\tab Click \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Create\u8221\'94 to specify a location at which to save the project.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx10584\li44\fi-43\ri-1829\sa240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i1\cf3 <$Scr_Cs::3>Note<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 : Scrivener projects are saved onto your hard drive in a folder with the file extension \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93.scriv\u8221\'94. When you create a new project, make sure you know where you are saving it, so that you can locate it in File Explorer. If you ever move to another computer, you\u8217\'92ll want to make sure that you back up and copy your .scriv projects to your new computer.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 Although the .scrivx file (with the yellow icon) inside the folder is used to open a project, the entire .scriv folder is the project. Be sure to copy or compress the whole folder when moving the project or creating a zipped backup.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \tab <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before you create your own project though, click on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All Set\u8221\'94 in the binder, and let\u8217\'92s wrap up this tutorial!}}