{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can assign any file or folder a custom icon via }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Documents > Change Icon<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Some of the documents in this project have custom icons assigned, such as the folders using yellow book icons and the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93START HERE\u8221\'94 document, among others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To see this feature in action, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s try setting up another root folder in which we will store information about characters:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\tab 1.\tab Lock the editor so that this document stays on screen (Right-click in the document icon in the header bar and select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lock In Place\u8221\'94).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab Select the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Research\u8221\'94 folder in the binder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3.\tab Click on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93add folder\u8221\'94 button in the footer bar at the bottom of the binder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 4.\tab A new folder is created inside the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Research\u8221\'94 folder. Rename the new folder \u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 5.\tab From the }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Edit<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  menu, choose }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Move > Left<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Your new folder is now a root folder\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is, it is now as far left as it can go, on the same level as the Draft, Research and Trash folders.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our new \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 folder looks fairly generic so far, and this is where the custom icon feature comes in. In our example, we are going to use our new folder to store notes about different characters in a novel, so we want to assign it an appropriate icon:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li763\fi-475\sa240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>\tab 1.\tab Select the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 folder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2.\tab Go to }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Documents > Change Icon<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (or }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Right-click<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  on the folder and select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Change Icon\u8221\'94 from the contextual menu).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3.\tab Choose }{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Characters > Photo<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (or any icon you want).<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you create a Scrivener project from one of the templates that are provided (such as the novel template), you will find folders in the binder that have been created and customised in just this way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (You can unlock the editor now.)}}